# navanianbou
CAREER FOCUS/BIOGRAPHY SUMMARY:  John was born and raised at Korania Village, Navrongo in the Upper East Region (UER) of Ghana.  He worked for the Ghana Cocoa Industry for nearly 17 years, as Depot-keeper for the Upper East Region, where he represented the Labor Union as National Secretary.  He was later elected into the Ghana Industrial &amp; Commercial Workers Union’s (ICU/TUC) as National Executive Council (NEC), and Financial Committee member.  John lived in Ghana for 42 years before relocating with his family to United States in June, 1997, then obtained US-citizenship in 2004.  A motivated computer professional with a Master’s Degree in Information Systems, he also has a Minor Degree in Marketing.  For a little over12 years, John was employed as Campus IT Support Specialist for Strayer University, Washington D.C. Campus where his tasks included supporting about 60 staff and over 1,000 students utilizing up to 310 on-campus office and classrooms equipment. Whilst there, he also analyzed science, engineering, business, and other data processing and communications network problems to help implement and improve the computer systems, as well as successful monitoring of security measures for the protection of computer networks and information. Additional responsibilities included responding to computer security breaches, viruses, and routine network maintenance to ensure networks operate correctly with minimal interruption.   Generally, John is thus investigative, artistic, social, enterprising, and conventional (I.A.S.E.C.), as well as, an attentive and brilliant, but a shy individual. Who is a very fast learner, reliable and does not waste time.  He is always exploring for more social answers.  No wonder since October 2012 up to now, that is, after he lost his job to cyclical unemployment; he has, been with the African Women's Health Network, (AWHN) headquartered in Ghana, as Co-Founder.  John has been volunteering, too, from his USA-based home, as AWHN’s Systems Analyst/IT Support Specialist.  Hence, he is able to examine the probabilities and/or capabilities of networking and operating the African Women’s Health Network Talk &amp; Music Show, the AWHNR, remotely, with the assistance he is currently enjoying from the Be Bless Foundation and Afro Carib Radio professionals, and globally.  To help save lives by globally linking communities with skilled-delivery programs and services at the rural areas, encouraging family planning services, ensuring women's economic empowerment, capacity building, diversity and tolerance, as well as, safeguarding maternal and child health services, are his primary areas of interest; yes, John’s interest areas are so very broad indeed.  John, enjoys reconnoitering with Animal Welfare, Arts and Culture, Children, Civil Rights and Social Action, Economic Empowerment, Education, Environment, Health, Human Rights, Disaster and Humanitarian Relief, Politics, Poverty Alleviation, Science and Technology, and Social Services. And he enjoys making new friends.  During his leisure periods, John loves watching soccer, football, basketball and baseball games. John is married with 2 children. [http://www.awhnghana.org (Official Website)]
